README.md, before:

# draco-cli
A command-line project bulit step by step while learning python.
The project focuses on writing clean, modular code and gradually adding automation features.
Currently supports opening commonly used developers and social websites.More sites can be added easily.

---

## Purpose
- Practice Python Basics
- Automate tasks
- Improve problem-solving skills and debugging
- Build a real CLI tool instead of small scripts

---

## Features
- Interactive command-line interface
- Predefined commands (example: 'who are you','who created you')
- Text-to-Speech (TTS) support using 'pyttsx3'
- Modular architecture ('commands','tts','main')
- Easy to extend with new commands
- Open websites
- Includes a fun programming jokes command
- Includes System info like your username, current directory and your OS
- datetime command with formatted date and time
- Notes Management
- Reminder System
- Self-Introduction

---

## How to Run
1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependiences: pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Run the project: python main.py

---

## Example Commands
- who are you
- who created you
- open github
- open youtube
- joke
- system info or my pc
- date or time
- note show , note clear and note add <text>
- remind me to study in 2 hours
- introduce or introduce yourself
- help

---

## status
 Work in progress
 New commands,better structure, and more automation features will be added over time.

---

 ## Author 
 Aryan Sonsurkar
 Computer Engineering Student
 Learning Python,CLI Tools,and automation

Commit message:

AI engine ollama added and README polish

README.md, after:

# draco-cli
A command-line project bulit step by step while learning python.
The project focuses on writing clean, modular code and gradually adding automation features.
Currently supports opening commonly used developers and social websites.More sites can be added easily.

---

## Purpose
- Practice Python Basics
- Automate tasks
- Improve problem-solving skills and debugging
- Build a real CLI tool instead of small scripts

---

## Features
- Interactive command-line interface
- Predefined commands (example: 'who are you','who created you')
- Text-to-Speech (TTS) support using 'pyttsx3'
- Modular architecture ('commands','tts','main')
- Easy to extend with new commands
- Open websites
- Includes a fun programming jokes command
- Includes System info like your username, current directory and your OS
- datetime command with formatted date and time
- Notes Management
- Reminder System
- Self-Introduction and system-identity response
- AI-Powered calculator using ollama
- AI Fallback

---

## How to Run
Download and ollama (llama3) as it is the brain of draco.

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the dependiences: pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Run the project: python main.py

---

## Example Commands
- who are you
- who created you
- open github
- open youtube
- joke
- system info or my pc
- date or time
- note show , note clear and note add <text>
- remind me to study in 2 hours
- introduce or introduce yourself
- help

---

## status
 Work in progress
 New commands,better structure, and more automation features will be added over time.

---

 ## Author 
 Aryan Sonsurkar
 Computer Engineering Student
 Learning Python,CLI Tools,and automation
